Jose Mourinho is of course now at Real
Madrid and potentially on his way to
another another Champions League final
this there's a lot of talk about whether
he may go back to Chelsea would you as
now a Chelsea fan would you like to see
that yes of course I think so they still
Iran is still the right man for that
club taking bring more stability and
wherever you go and I think sometimes
team like Chelsea needs a little more
than anything because you have the
player you have the experience to win
trophy but you need someone like who can
delete everything who you know when he's
there everyone will listen to and
everyone would be opinion and you need
it's a key leader like him I think
that's what all Chelsea fan up info to
to see shows the back in that club
because you brought the stability that
you needed when when they won the first
first trophy with him and 2004 and I
think he I think he's a winner so you
will bring back again back to the club
because after a club win every trophy
you need the stability in it like
someone who will build up a new a new a
new generation of winning trophy but
what is it about him that makes him so
good because he's a man of what I think
any player would play with under Jersey
can never say that
you know usually promise consider I
should promise me that indeed other
thing I think is always truthful to its
players either you play or not is always
someone who gonna tell you the truth and
they feel deserve it he will give you if
you don't you want and and that's what
player respected by I think since I
signed the first my first year and
chassis he told me that you know if we
walk out you gonna always be on my team
and I always been an esteem because
that's for that's why I say you have to
work out to be on his team and that's
what I try to do every every time I
train
game even if he was one minute to minute
I still wanna run the run they asked me
to do because you know if you do it
that's what you're gonna you're gonna
get because he's a man of what in terms
of this season him obviously he's won
the Champions League twice already he's
now in the semi-finals at Real Madrid
against Borussia Dortmund do you expect
him to make it three Champions League
victories yes I think I would I think he
I think he have the team for and you
have the ability of bringing that into
success because you know last year you
reach also and this and finer I guess II
lost against PI so I think you wanna
this year you wanna go to the final and
I think so they would know how to how to
play weekend in order to prepare him for
this kind of game and I wished it rich
definer because I want him to win I want
ACN to win I want you know I want
because the the big you know those are
people that you know I I know for since
I was in Chelsea and we have wonderful
time together so I wanna see them lift
that trophy again